{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
\f3\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red32\green32\blue32;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 True Combat: Elite 0.49b "Hardballer"\
\
Package Contents:\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf2 True Combat: Elite 0.49 (requires Wolfenstein Enemy Territory 2.60b)\
True Combat: Elite Launcher\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 This installer assumes that 
\f2\i "Wolfenstein Enemy Territory"
\f0\i0  is installed in your 
\f2\i "Applications"
\f0\i0  folder. If you have installed it in a different location, be sure to select your specific drive/folder using the "Choose" button located on the next installer screen when prompted.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
Please note that a 'dedicated launcher' will also be installed along with this package.  It can be located in your "Applications" folder or wherever the installation path is, then simply dragged it to the dock for quick access. On the initial launch the application will ask where your copy of Wolfenstein Enemy Territory is, simply follow the on screen instructions and locate the Wolfenstein Enemy Territory application, once this is done you will never be asked again. \
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 Version Notes\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf2 \
Server operators should be aware of the fact that TCE 049+ servers can not switch the gametype at runtime.\
\
Servers should be dedicated to a certain gametype. A suggestion is to have the gametype included in the server name. Gametype rotations should also be removed from map rotation scripts.\
\
To run an official server (sv_official = 1) the server has to be pure (sv_pure = 1) and the /etmain and /tcetest folder must not include any custom or modified original pak files other than the ones from the ET and TCE installation. \
\
Unofficial pk3 files should be removed from these directories or renamed (to, e.g. .zip). \
\
Note: Installations of GTK radiant sometimes place additional pak files in the etmain folder.\
 \
Official pak files are:\
 /etmain/mp_bin.pk3\
 /etmain/pak0.pk3\
 /etmain/pak1.pk3\
 /etmain/pak2.pk3\
 /tcetest/mp_bin.pk3\
 /tcetest/pak0.pk3\
 /tcetest/pak1.pk3\
 /tcetest/pak2.pk3\
 /tcetest/pak3.pk3\
\
The client should increase some Megs and have some other settings as suggested in the included autoexec.cfg:\
seta com_soundMegs "64"\
seta com_hunkMegs "192"\
seta com_zoneMegs "64"\
seta s_khz "44" (to avoid cheap artefacts when sampling rate is changed to 44k after cgame is loaded)\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf2 Contact Us
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
If you need to contact please use one of the methods below:\
\
IRC:\
	irc.quakenet.org #TC:Elite\
\
Email:\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:pr@truecombatelite.net"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 pr@truecombatelite.com}}\
\
Website Contact Forum:\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf2 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.truecombatelite.net"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://www.truecombatelite.net}}\cf3 \ul \ulc3 /contact\cf2 \ulnone \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\
True Combat: Elite is developed by Team Terminator & GrooveSix Studios.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.truecombatelite.net"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul http://www.truecombatelite.net}}\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
Mac OS X installer and launcher created by rogue@macologist.org on behalf of Team Terminator & GrooveSix Studios.
\f3 \cf0 \
}